All of me
You already know
But you don't dislike me.
In fact, when I received that courier, I knew what to do.
Because he used to be my neighbor.
He knows everything about our family
All right.
Don't mention the past, okay?
It's all over
Uh Tang Law
Ah.
What's the matter? The first trial of Deyin's case is next week
The court means let's mediate first
Notify the defendant to mediate three days later
Try not to go to court
We want results.
In and out of court
Okay, there's also a female client
Is he here to find Director Guy?
He's here for Gaiyu
But Gaiyu is gone too.
Director Hu said to let you deal with it.
Oh, I see.
Director Hu, our law firm also has a Director Hu, right?
His name is Hu Yao
Same age as Gaiyu
But he is very low-key
The case is also very rigorous
So awesome
I did win a lot of lawsuits.
And the people are nice too
It's rare to say that other men are good from your mouth
Let me see it
Accompany me to see that female client, let's go